In this video you're going to learn how to optimize your surround bio.
And on call to action buttons and this is probably the most important thing that you can do to drive
website traffic and sales directly from Instagram.
So what I want to do is bring you through a couple of different examples different types of businesses
show where they're using Instagram bio and call to action buttons.
And then let's show the practical steps to change for yourself.
So let's get started looking at this Instagram account of Dave Ramsey.
Obviously this is kind of a personal business Instagram account and you can see in his bio here he has
a little icon saying pointing down and then create your free every dollar budget.
Another icon.
And then there is a link off here.
And if we clicked this open we can see that this opens up and this is actually an app that he has created
and it's really a link to downloads.
Now notice the way there he said and create your free every dollar budget.
He didn't just say download my app.
So that's an important thing to do that in your bio.
You want to show the benefit for people to really click through.
And that's a great example of that.
He's also used some icons creatively to catch some attention there.
But most importantly not call to action in the bio.
Here is really relevant to his audience.
This guy's a kind of helps people get added that it become financially independent.
So a free budget is exactly what his type of audience would be looking for.
So that's important to keep in mind when you create your own bio that it really has to appeal to your
audience.
And that's why it's a good idea to come in and take a look at some of those top performing competitors
or influencers in your niche so you can really see how they're using this now below his bio on that
link you can see that he's included an option for people to call email and then get directions as well.
Now I'm not sure why is entirely the directions if he's kind of a personal profile but that's those
are the three options you can include maybe he just wants to take advantage of everything that you can
so you can include call email and directions if you want.
That is now go and look at another example to see how they're using their Instagram bio and call to
action buttons to drive Web site traffic and generate sales.
So let's go and look at a local business
so Giuliana's pizza you can see this is a broken Bate's pizzeria co-founded by legendary pizza maker
Potsie Grimaldi.
No gimmicks just great new New York style pizza and you can see that they've included there a link to
their Web site and just their location as well so it's really clear.
People can see the exact address in the bio and not as a great idea for local business because people
might be following here and they say oh let's go check out the Giuliana's pizza place.
They can see the address there without even needing to click the directions button but they could click
this and they should open up and they can see exactly where it is there.
And then you can also call there if you want to make a booking directly.
So as you can see this is an extremely useful use of the bio and the called Auction buttons in order
to get customers in the door.
Let's have a look at one more example.
And come and look at an e-commerce company sensorial seek and see take your company to the next level.
So this really again appeals to their audience which is just taking their comping to the next level
so they're kind of targeting people who are already camping but they just want to take it to the next
level kind of there's a lot going on in that sentence.
And then we plant trees reach 10 Celso another incentive to go ahead and buy because it's not just that
you get the product but that you're helping the art.
And that again appeals to their audience.
One hundred and fifty five thousand trees so far.
So again these are the icons to kind of bring that to life when you sell no on 20 percent off.
So that is a great use of the bio as well for an e-commerce store.
They're showing you their audiences by take your company to the next level.
That incentive to plant trees how many trees they've done so far and there's 20 percent off.
So that gives me a good incentive to click that link and to go out and buy it so I can call and email
as well there.
So those are three examples of how companies are using these Instagram bio is by far the best way to
drive Web site traffic or to generate sales for your business.
And the practical steps to Jozen this are very very simple.
So we're going to come back into my demo can't click on the gear icon appear.
You can see edit profile so I can add in my web sites I'm just going to put this in so you can see what
this looks like how easy it is and then bio.
I can just put in by there I can adjust the contact options if I want to input that phone and address
especially if I was a local business and then I can go ahead and click save or don't come back to my
profile and you can see that that is being updated there.
So what I recommend you do is go have a look at some top influencers or types of companies in your niche
that are doing well you know have a look at three or four take some ideas from their bios and put it
into practice and optimize your instagram bio.
And that's called Auction buttons so that you can drive Web site traffic and generate sales from I was
probably the number one thing you can do if that is your goal.
So go ahead and do that for yourself.